c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\ShuXue.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\ShuXue.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\ShuXue.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\obj\Debug\ShuXue_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\obj\Debug\ShuXue_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\obj\Debug\ShuXue.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\obj\Debug\ShuXue.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\obj\Debug\ShuXue.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\obj\Debug\ShuXue.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\obj\Debug\ShuXue.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ShuXue\ShuXue\obj\Debug\App.baml
